Add a blog post for the release of the Godot Editor on the Meta Horizon store (#935)
godotengine/godot-website: collections/_article/godot-editor-horizon-store-early-access-release.md

This approach allows us to deliver on a core tenet of this port which is to provide developers with a familiar development interface and access to the full set of capabilities and features that the Godot Editor provides on desktop and Android platforms. This includes access to the [asset library](https://godotengine.org/asset-library/asset), [keyboard & mouse shortcuts](https://docs.godotengine.org/en/stable/tutorials/editor/default_key_mapping.html), [GDScript](https://docs.godotengine.org/en/stable/tutorials/scripting/gdscript/gdscript_basics.html) code editing / highlighting / completion support, access to the [documentation](https://docs.godotengine.org/en/stable/classes/index.html), live scene editing, live script reloading support, [live debugging](https://docs.godotengine.org/en/stable/tutorials/scripting/debug/overview_of_debugging_tools.html), [live profiling](https://docs.godotengine.org/en/stable/tutorials/scripting/debug/the_profiler.html) and [many more](https://godotengine.org/features/)!

### Developing XR apps and games!

![Showcasing support for developing XR projects](/storage/blog/godot-editor-horizon-store-early-access-release/developing_xr_game.gif)

> When developing a XR project, the immersive (XR) window is used for playtesting the project as a fully immersive experience. In that mode, the Editor panel can be summoned as an interactive overlay, which allows the developer to iterate, debug or profile the XR project while it’s running.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When developing a XR project, the immersive (XR) window is used for playtesting the project directly in the device as if it was a released app already. In that mode, the Editor panel can be summoned as an interactive overlay, which allows the developer to iterate, debug or profile the XR project while it’s running.
```

Double immersive

Reviewer: Feel free to rephrase, just try to explain what an immersive experience is rather than using the marketing buzzword twice

As with the Android editor, this version provides the ability to export 2D & 3D project binaries for all supported platforms.

### Leveraging Horizon OS platform capabilities 

#### Support for keyboard and mouse

[External keyboard and mouse support](https://www.meta.com/help/quest/articles/headsets-and-accessories/meta-quest-accessories/tracked-keyboards-meta-quest/) allows developers to achieve the same levels of productivity as they do on desktop and laptop computers.

Virtual keyboard, touch controllers and [direct touch](https://www.meta.com/help/quest/articles/getting-started/getting-started-with-quest-3/direct-touch-meta-quest/) are also supported for quick interactions, or when physical keyboard and mouse devices are not readily available.

#### Seamless multitasking

![Using Meta Quest seamless multitasking to modify XR game in real-time](/storage/blog/godot-editor-horizon-store-early-access-release/xr_game_live_modifications.gif)

> [Introduced in Horizon OS v69](https://www.uploadvr.com/seamless-multitasking-experimental-quest/), seamless multitasking enables the Editor panel to be visible and interactable while playtesting a XR project using the immersive (XR) window.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Introduced in Horizon OS v69](https://www.uploadvr.com/seamless-multitasking-experimental-quest/), seamless multitasking enables the Editor panel to be visible and interactable while playtesting a XR project in virtual space.
```

Removing one of the immersive (XR) window namings

    * The Meta Quest gains the ability to create (and distribute) its own native apps without the need for a PC or laptop computer!
    * Being able to run a full game engine on a mobile XR device should serve as inspiration for the type of apps that can be brought to the mobile XR ecosystem.
* **Grows the OpenXR ecosystem by providing a seed for building feature rich apps**
    * Godot Engine is a free and open-source software ([FOSS](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Free_and_open-source_software)) project which means that, in partnership with the [Godot Foundation](https://godot.foundation/), OpenXR vendors can bring similar capabilities to their devices to grow the OpenXR ecosystem.
* **Reduces XR development friction**
    * XR development on PC and laptop devices has significant friction due to the need to switch back and forth between the development device and the target XR device (i.e: taking the headset off for development, putting back on for playtesting).
    * This is not an issue when using the Godot Editor natively on XR devices since the development and target device are now the same device!
* **Lowers the barrier of entry for XR and Game development**

>     * This version of the Godot Editor turns devices like the Meta Quest into an easily accessible development device with the ability to natively create, develop and export 2D, 3D or immersive XR apps and games for all Godot-supported platforms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * This version of the Godot Editor turns devices like the Meta Quest into an easily accessible development device with the ability to natively create, develop and export 2D, 3D or XR apps and games for all Godot-supported platforms.
```

* **Provides a more flexible development experience**
    * Developers can leverage the virtual space to gain more screen estate than a laptop could provide.
    * The [virtual floating panels](https://www.meta.com/blog/quest/meta-quest-v67-update-new-window-layout-creator-content-horizon-feed/) provide a more flexible layout than a traditional desktop + multi-monitors setup.
    * The ability to playtest and modify XR projects in-headset in real-time is a capability that can’t be replicated on PC and laptop computers.

## Next Steps, Feedback & Contributions

This is only the beginning! 

As mentioned in the previous section, we believe this is an important milestone for the XR, GameDev, and Open Source communities and we aim to build on this foundation to make Godot Engine a powerful, flexible and cross-platform tool for XR and Game development.

> To that end, we welcome feedback and contributions from partners, members of the community and interested parties to help deliver on that goal.

Reviewer: I am not quite sure what "on that goal" is referencing here, or what kind of help you are looking for in particular?

Author: @MurderVeggie I was referencing this from the previous section

> we aim to build on this foundation to make Godot Engine a powerful, flexible and cross-platform tool for XR and Game development.

For the type of help, I was thinking the usual; e.g: bug reports, code and/or assets contributions to the Godot project, financial support and contributions to the Godot Foundation.

Happy to rephrase to be more clear!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To that end, we welcome feedback and contributions from partners, members of the community and interested parties.
```

Should be enough then, since it's already referencing back with "to that end"
